# *Global pathways to sustainable development to 2030 and beyond*

by *Enayat A. Moallemi, Sibel Eker, Lei Gao, Michalis Hadjikakou, Jan Kwakkel, Patrick M. Reed, Michael Obersteiner, and Brett A. Bryan*

This paper is submitted for publication to **.


## Abstract
Progress to-date towards the ambitious global 2030 agenda for sustainable development has been limited, and upheaval from the COVID-19 pandemic will further exacerbate the already significant challenges to Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) achievement. Here, we undertake a model-based global integrated assessment to characterise alternative pathways towards 36 time-bound, science-driven targets by 2030, 2050, and 2100. We show that it will be unlikely to jointly achieve socioeconomic and environmental targets by 2030, even under the most optimistic pathways and the least ambitious targets. Nonetheless, humanity can still avoid destabilisation of the Earth system and increase socioeconomic prosperity post-2030 via a ‘Green Recovery’ pathway. A Green Recovery by mid- and end of the century requires reducing global population by 5% and 26%, empowering sustainable economic development by 32% and 52%, increasing education availability by 10% and 40%, reducing the total global fossil energy production by 36% and 80%, reducing agricultural land area by 7% and 10%, and promoting healthy and sustainable lifestyles by lowering consumption of animal-based foods (i.e., meat and dairy) by 39% and 50%, compared to the business-as-usual trajectories for 2050 and 2100, respectively. Our results show that the combination of these changes together towards extended, more ambitious goals by 2050 and 2100 is central to the transformative change needed to ensure that both people and planet prosper in medium- and long-term futures.

## Code implementation and references
All information you need to reproduce the results is saved in the 'Moallemi_et_al_SDG_SSP_Assessment' folder.
Within 'Moallemi_et_al_SDG_SSP_Assessment', you find the five following folders:

* Model: This includes all the Vensim model files and their required input files. These model files can be opened with Vensim or can be run through Python when you execute the codes. In both cases, you need to have Vensim DSS installed.  

* Notebook: This includes all the source codes and their documentation for reproducing the results.

* Results: This include all the results that are generated by this research. The results from the exploratory and the sensitivity analyses are separated in two folders: 'Exploration_results' and 'Morris_results'. Due to the large file size, the results files are stored in Zenodo (see README in the Results folder).

* Data: Any input data that we used e.g., SSP original data from the IIASA Database (for calibration).

* Fig: Any figures generated are stored in this folder.


See the `README.md` files in each directory for a full description.

## Using the code
You can download a copy of all the files in this repository by cloning the
[git](https://git-scm.com/) repository:

    git clone https://github.com/enayatmoallemi/Moallemi_et_al_SDG_SSP_Assessment.git

or [download a zip archive]().

A copy of the repository is also archived at *DOI TBC*

## Dependencies
You'll need [Vensim DSS *8.0.9*](https://vensim.com/download/) to run the code. If you want to open the model file, then all  files in the 'Model' folder must be located in the same directory on your local drive.
You'll need Python *3.7.6* to run the code.
You can set up an environment with all dependencies using an environment manager
like [Anaconda Python distribution](https://www.anaconda.com/download/) which
provides the `conda` package manager.
Anaconda can be installed in your user directory and does not interfere with
the system Python installation.
The required dependencies are specified in the file `environment.yml`. To create an environment from an environment.yml file, use the terminal or an Anaconda Prompt for the following steps:

1. Create the environment from the environment.yml file:

       conda env create -f environment.yml

2. Activate the new environment:

       conda activate myenv

3. Verify that the new environment was installed correctly:

       conda env list

 For more information setting the new environment, see: https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html#creating-an-environment-from-an-environment-yml-file

## Reproducing the results

Here is a clear step-by-step instructions for replicating Python code.

Activate the conda environment:

    activate ./envs

For reproducing the sensitivity/exploratory analysis results in the paper, take the following these steps:

1. To be able to open the model file in Vensim or to run with the provided code, make sure the model and all associated files (in the 'Model' folder) are in the same folder.

3. Make sure the notebooks and all associated input spreadsheets and the Model_init file (from the 'Notebook' folder) are in one folder too. Open the Model_init file and correct the model directory line, depending on where you save your model file (from the 'Model' folder)

4. If you're running the code with parallel processing, make sure you have opened all the three input spreadsheets in the 'Notebook' folder with MS Excel, before running your codes.

5. The rest of the steps to run the codes are documented in each notebook and also as the README files in each folders.

## License

All source code is made available under a BSD 3-clause license. You can freely
use and modify the code, without warranty, so long as you provide attribution
to the authors.

The manuscript text is not open source. The authors reserve the rights to the
article content, which is currently submitted for publication in **.
